1) Waitress
1. Is there a limit to the number of tables serviced by one waitress? If so then what is it?
2. Does the billing happen when ordering or when the guests are about to leave?
3. Is there an upper limit to the bill? If it exists, then can it be expanded?
4. Can open bills be transfered to other waitresses?
5. What kind of credit cards to accept?
6. Can the bill be later separated for payment in different parts?
7. Do client cards exist?
8. What do client cards do?
9. Can closed bills be later re-opened?
10. Can bills be later unified for a single payment?
11. Are the cost reductions due to large bills/client cards showns separate for every item or as a single sum later? 
12. Does every waitress have a personal machine for billing or some huge registers intended for many waitresses?
13. How do waitresses identify themselves to the program? Do they have accounts with passwords or some kind of identifying cards?
14. Can people pay with client cards?
15. Is it possible to make custom orders?
16. Are custom orders shown in the same bill?
17. Are the preordered/home delivery orders shown by the waitress who accepted the order?
18. Should there be a special billing field for tips?
19. Should the received and returned money be shown on the bill when the payment was done in cash?
20. How should the clients feedback be received?
21. Is the feedback visible to every waitress or only to some manager/head waitress?

2) Head waitress
1. Is there a separate register for each waitress or do they all use the same?
2. If they all use the same register, can you see each waitress's actions separately?
3. Should the cash register's initial and end state's recording happen during the shift or at the end of it?
4. If it happens during the daytime, is there a certain time or it can be done any given moment?
5. Is it possible to book a table before arrival?
6. If it's possible, should it be paid in cash, through a bank transfer or is it free of charge?
7. Are tips included in the cash register?
8. Can any mistakes done with the cash register be fixed?
9. Should the cash register be able to make a difference between registrations done on different days?
10. Are different registers added separately to restaurant's income?
11. If tips are included in the cash register, then should they be shown separately for each waitress?
12. Should the cash register show people, who use a client card, separately, to offer them a discount at their next visit?
13. Are credid-card-paid and cash-paid purchases showed separately?
14. Should each purchase be shown separately or should it show each purchase done by the same person under one tab etc? 
